It is Mr. Xiao Qi of Qi County, the patron saint of southern Xinjiang. Welcome
Welcome to the old god of war
The old God of War will make my Han family shine
Uncle, what's going on?
Just a poser
This person is making a fuss in the banquet hall
Business opportunities are innocent
I'm producing it free of charge. His name is Ye Huan.
Knowing that the Governor would come to the banquet
Still making trouble here
Ye Huan, interview the governor
And he also wounded the grandmaster brought by the governor
even
Kneel down for him
What's going on?
Now you're in trouble.
Before retiring, the West Building was the warship of the Ministry of War
It is the patron saint of Nanjing.
This equals me
But
We are not qualified to see him at all on weekdays
Now this kid has ten lives, not enough for him to die
He is kind of in front of the guardian
You bully another one, let me see
Fang Dashen I
My son has a brain problem.
You hit people regardless of petty
It's all our fault
Spare his life
Dad?
If it is expensive, they are expensive.
Xiaohuan, what are you talking about?
Don't you really want to live?
Ye Huan, you are in front of the old god of war
How dare you talk nonsense here?
Thaksin's guardian general
Does this person have a scar?
Don't know all the masters as enemies
A sparrow is a sparrow after all
What does that mean?
The dinosaur told him